README.md, before:

# Quiz


## Description

This fourth homework assignment was designed as a multiple choice quiz game. It can be shared around to test the knowledge of others in general anime trivia.


## Installation

Visit the [deployed webpage](https://highwolfx.github.io/Quiz/) to view quiz online.

Otherwise, you can also choose to clone the repo onto your local machine. After cloning the repo, run the index.html file to view the website. The deployed webpage should look like [this](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/welcome-screenshot.jpg).

<p align="center">
    <img alt="welcome screen" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/welcome-screenshot.jpg">
</p>


## Usage

Deployed webpage can be found [here](https://highwolfx.github.io/Quiz/).

The user is first greeted by a [selection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/welcome-screenshot.jpg) to view scores or to start playing. If it is the first time playing, then hit the "Start" button to begin, as the scoreboard should be empty.

After clicking "Start", the countdown timer for 3 minutes will begin. The first question will [appear](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/question-screenshot.jpg) and there will be 4 multiple choice options. Select the correct answer and the user will receive 1 point. Select the wrong answer, and 10 seconds will be deducted from the countdown timer. Once a selection has been made, the quiz will move on to the next question.

<p align="center">
    <img alt="question example" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/question-screenshot.jpg">
</p>

There are 15 questions total, and the quiz will continue until the countdown hits 0, or the user completes all 15 questions, whichever comes first. The ["Game Over" screen](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/game-over-screenshot.jpg) will appear with the time remaining on the clock.

The user can then enter their initials to save their score and click the "Save Score" button to move to the scoreboard, or replay the quiz by hitting the "Restart" button. Do take note that pressing "Save Score" will rewrite the last score saved.

Click the "See Score" button to see the final score.

<p align="center">
    <img alt="game over example" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/game-over-screen-with-score.jpg">
</p>

Both the earlier "View Score" from the Welcome page and the "Save Score" button will lead to the [Scoreboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/scoreboard-screenshot.jpg), where the last saved score will be displayed. This screen will show the last saved score, along with the initials saved and the time remaining on that run.

<p align="center">
    <img alt="scoreboard example" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/scoreboard-screenshot.jpg">
</p>


## License

Licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE.txt) license.


## Credits

Project components are based off [Bootstrap v5](https://v5.getbootstrap.com/).

Thanks to [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) for information on how to write and modify code.

All pictures belong to respective owners.

Commit message:

Added answer key and modified README to include link to it.

README.md, after:

# Quiz


## Description

This fourth homework assignment was designed as a multiple choice quiz game. It can be shared around to test the knowledge of others in general anime trivia.


## Installation

Visit the [deployed webpage](https://highwolfx.github.io/Quiz/) to view quiz online.

Otherwise, you can also choose to clone the repo onto your local machine. After cloning the repo, run the index.html file to view the website. The deployed webpage should look like [this](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/welcome-screenshot.jpg).

<p align="center">
    <img alt="welcome screen" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/welcome-screenshot.jpg">
</p>


## Usage

Deployed webpage can be found [here](https://highwolfx.github.io/Quiz/).

The user is first greeted by a [selection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/welcome-screenshot.jpg) to view scores or to start playing. If it is the first time playing, then hit the "Start" button to begin, as the scoreboard should be empty.

After clicking "Start", the countdown timer for 3 minutes will begin. The first question will [appear](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/question-screenshot.jpg) and there will be 4 multiple choice options. Select the correct answer and the user will receive 1 point. Select the wrong answer, and 10 seconds will be deducted from the countdown timer. Once a selection has been made, the quiz will move on to the next question.

<p align="center">
    <img alt="question example" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/question-screenshot.jpg">
</p>

There are 15 questions total, and the quiz will continue until the countdown hits 0, or the user completes all 15 questions, whichever comes first. The ["Game Over" screen](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/game-over-screenshot.jpg) will appear with the time remaining on the clock.

The user can then enter their initials to save their score and click the "Save Score" button to move to the scoreboard, or replay the quiz by hitting the "Restart" button. Do take note that pressing "Save Score" will rewrite the last score saved.

Click the "See Score" button to see the final score.

<p align="center">
    <img alt="game over example" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/game-over-screen-with-score.jpg">
</p>

Both the earlier "View Score" from the Welcome page and the "Save Score" button will lead to the [Scoreboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/scoreboard-screenshot.jpg), where the last saved score will be displayed. This screen will show the last saved score, along with the initials saved and the time remaining on that run.

<p align="center">
    <img alt="scoreboard example" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/highwolfx/Quiz/main/assets/scoreboard-screenshot.jpg">
</p>

The answer key can be found [here](answer-key.txt).


## License

Licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE.txt).


## Credits

Project components are based off [Bootstrap v5](https://v5.getbootstrap.com/).

Thanks to [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/) for information on how to write and modify code.

All pictures belong to respective owners.
